</br># INSTALLATION</br></br>- ensure python2 is installed</br>python2 -V</br></br>- install tshark via packet manager</br>sudo apt install tshark</br>select enable non-sudo capture, then add privledge to current user with</br>sudo usermod -aG wireshark $USER</br></br>- install matplotlib via packet manager</br>sudo apt-get install python-matplotlib</br></br>- install python pip</br>sudo apt install python-pip</br></br>- use pip to install python requirements</br>pip2 install -r requirements</br></br># USAGE</br></br>This program allows you to collect some url paths from unencrypted http requests in the following way  </br>./collect.py --output <output_filepath> --size <number_of_urls></br>eg ./collect.py --output 100/fakes/1 --size 100</br></br>There are already examples stored in</br></br>- 100/fakes/</br>- 100/normals/</br>- 100/emulated/</br></br>and a reference list to test against at</br>- 100/reference_urls</br></br></br>This simple web crawler program will follow links on webpages to create normal looking traffic.</br>./visit_http</br></br></br>This program can be used to view data such as urls and distrobution historgram bins as follows</br>./view.py <filepath></br>eg ./view.py 100/reference_urls</br></br></br>A distrobution historgram of the urls can be computed with this bin program. You can choose one of the following methods:</br>  - CHARACTER_DISTROBUTION:'char'</br>  - SLASHES_FREQUENCY:'slash'</br>  - INTER_SLASH_DIST:'length'</br>  - FIRST_LETTER:'first'</br>  - RANDOM_LETTER:'rand'</br></br>./bins.py --in 100/reference_urls --out 100/reference_<method>_bins --mode <method></br>eg ./bins.py --in 100/reference_urls --out 100/reference_char_bins --mode char</br></br></br>You can calculate the distance between given urls and a reference distrobution with this program.</br>./calculate.py <url_test_file> <reference_bins></br>eg ./calculate.py 100/fakes/1 100/reference_char_bins</br></br></br>You can use this program to compare visually how the url distrobutions compare.</br>./visualise -m <binning_mode></br>eg ./visualise -m char</br></br></br>This program can calculate a decision threshold to differentiate the normal and fake distrobutions.</br>./find_threshold.py --mode <binning_method></br>eg ./find_threshold.py --mode charq</br></br></br>You can use the measure program to decide if urls are fake or normal. Leaving off the index will collect new urls using the collect program</br>./measure.py --size <number_of_urls> --folder <folder> --index <#> --mode <binning_method></br>eg ./measure.py --size 100 --folder fakes --index 1 --mode char</br></br></br>You can use the emulator program to produce url messages that emulate the reference distrobution</br>./run_emulator.py --out <output_filepath> --mode <binning_method></br>eg ./run_emulator.py --out 100/emulated/char/1 --mode char</br></br></br>This program can display the relation of normal, fake and emulated distrobutions to a reference distrobution.</br>./graph.py --mode <binning_method></br>eg ./graph.py --mode char</br></br></br>You can test that the emulated ciphertexts are like the reference distrobution  and is that the encoding invertable using this program.</br>./test_emulator.py --mode <binning_method></br>eg ./test_emulator.py --mode char</br></br>